[#67029] SSO as separate authentication settings tab  https://communi… (#20153)
opf/openproject: docs/system-admin-guide/authentication/login-registration-settings/README.md

To adapt general system **login and registration settings** in OpenProject, navigate to *Administration -> Authentication* and choose -> *Login and registration*.

> Here you can adapt various settings related to login and registration in OpenProject, grouped under fourtabs: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you can adapt various settings related to login and registration in OpenProject, grouped under four tabs: 
```
